Author Page 2

WBTM Network Time
This Time is copied from https://piwan.net/network
Written On     : 2023-05-16T19:53:06.172Z
Wriiten By     : GMNP
Last Update On : 
Last Update By : GMNP

May 16 its time back for looking at the project buddy buts its too bored to start code so start a diary first as facebook is bad for diary, but i want to share a tough.

everyday is like usual boring day as developer or maintainer doing it alone without even single person read this maybe?

what this document is ascii formatted , and we didnt know if this project even create revenue as many of engineer is lazy , many of developer also lazy doing same thing over and over so we create automation things. the bad things about automation is the system need to be monitored also , if its hijacked or the access is compromise its can be disaster for your environment , like a leaked secret , password , certificate , comprosimed machine , etc.

and i am to bored even just to rename all project name into different words and terms that pointing into same substance , this era is likely an identity crisis era where people found a unique name is likely an digital assets that point you into valuable person, either its confirmed with checkmark icon or not, yes it just checkmark on a website. but that also determine if you want to be verified or not. 

imagine if we had a same name as a person, this is happening in real world situation when a person had same nickname but the person is different. if you call their name both person will looking at you and maybe we just laugh if see the both of the person with same name reacting at same times when its looking at your face.

a name is something what you want to be called , since child i never want to called Gde or "GEDE" as too many person had that name in bali , often i also called "Made" which is too many person also use that name , so when i child i yelled at grandpa don't call me that there is so many of my friends or family had that name . just call me "Ade" its a shorten version of "Made" im using that name if it a close relations person or someone that i know for a long time.

yeah thats what i live from time to time on my lifetime. not knowing a person name or their contact info also cant misguide you if you didn't know the face of the person. if you visiting someone owning a business without knowing their bos information you will just end up in the public room of the building waiting for someone strange. so introduce yourself later and getting know each other is a trust of chain also.

so how to know someone without an introduction ? ah its happening if you are on school or university , sometimes their name is written and when the teacher yell the name we know the name of that person if we are on same class. but its also not determine how close will be our relations as friend , partner , or maybe someone that you build relationship with.

knowing someone need and intermediate of trusted someone you know before,in the case of school environment the intermediate is our school environment or our teacher in a classroom , in case of business relations there will be always a person that introduce you to another person that how reality was and when social media hits like facebook back in the past its count your mutual friendlist to show you its this person you know?

without being together meeting up in same place or at same event our trust to that person is decreased maybe only 80% maybe only 60% maybe only 40% each person had different trust issues as there is also many fake account in social media since its first launch , people just use their animal profile picture , somebody profile picture , their idol profile picture , their loved game profile picture whatever so im personally myself didn't really trust the person if we never video call , texting , or that person doing livestream.

between developer and engineer is also the same , each of them had a different egos , point of view , perspective , ideas , milestone , target , family . you cannot measure someone with your own cloth and look at person every person just like me its a false point of view. not all of fish in the oceans is a same shape of fish and not all animal in zoo had same shape even if it categorized the same as "Person" its just like a "Category" and label to point into our "Body" as person. 


so for me my view about name and label and brand is also the same from since i child , its just a name that written and remain for our creation, every creation i found is starting from the creator. if there is a creation there will be always the creator and its also a keyword to find what we believe as truth from previous information to be the new truth we belive in current information.

what i know as truth , true , or truthy if we also experience a same things , that experience can be shared , that experience can be proofen , its also well known , and its more better definition than the last information that try to describe it. so for me truth had a level , had a chain , had a collective confession and agreements, previously we call something small micro , and todays maybe its nano , or pico , just a name and keyword but the uniqueness also a pointer to tell its a same "substance" we speak for. and its a "keyword" for people to seek the "Truth".

human is a unique entity itself , we had ability to create and craft something as extension to do something . look at the bird it can fly ? human can't fly ? oh play grand theft auto use jetpack and we at sky , we build plane to fly or maybe a rocket and satellite to monitor whats outside earth. the potential in human is so many. but many of that potential didn't ever can be discovered without us actually experience the things and exploring that unknown we did not experience yet.

if you meet a person that never see a dolphin they will be amaze if they kissed by dolphin for the first time . just like how happy i was kissed by dolphin back at my childhood in a pool of supermart, experiencing something is a happiness if you enjoy the moment. many child is also very open its had less afraidness , there is not so many information on their brains yet so they only do what its telled by the parent or the environment around . so don't misslead on teaching our generation. tell them truth , the backpain , the burden what we experience on our life so it become someone guide for their seeking of truth if they means and serious about it. if we just joking arounds just joking around and laugh together , naturaly human can tell the situation were we at serious situation or we at a chill situation.

so whats my story about this time ? its just an enjoyable day to sleep in my bedroom allday cause im forgetting my work just to take a rest and sleep a whole day for myself. sleeping is also what i gather energy so much . so when i able to sleep woah its like a hunger that satisfied after you're not eating for 1 week . or its like you drink water after you're not drinking water in a long run the satisfied of it just beyond imaginary as its means a "Relief" or "Break Point".

sometimes in the past i also sleep alot , like sleeping straight 16 days , and its just feel that im not energetic enough doing that ? why ? usually my body and creativity boost when feeling yawn , its a condition when you need to sleep but force your body and minds stay awake to complete a task. creativity is flowing and productivity is increased , its also depends alot on the temperature , usually a midnight is my bestime doing code when all people sleep and the enviroment is not noisy with mainstream people do their activity. yeah im that spider and termite that love to create a hidden nest not seeing by everybody. 

termite is more cooler than ants , if your working place is not clean and its on open environment that never use as workdesk that table is destroyed by the termite. a small things that can infect other wood fast and broke its shape, should we make a termite games in this wanbioner protocol next ? aha to many project lets us complete the sdk first so we can finish the snake games then testing the protocol in production space.

see you gain till the next pages written.

when you're opening this project with vscode , vscode also ask you did you trust this author?

whatever you can compile and see the project , clone , and do set your own environment so trust your eyes if not trusting my words and my code.

Till we ~Mad Again , Youre "Cools"












